Update waas-overview.md (#4343)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/waas-overview.md

Microsoft never publishes feature updates through Windows Update on devices that run Windows 10 Enterprise LTSB. Instead, it typically offers new LTSC releases every 2–3 years, and organizations can choose to install them as in-place upgrades or even skip releases over a 10-year life cycle.

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: I have read some of Nick Schonning's pull requests recently, especially the MarkDown rule compliance chore PRs, where at least one of them contained a Note format update: always keep one space character between the quote marker (angle bracket `>` ) and its subsequent text.
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```
(I also recommend adding the same space in the next line below.)

> >Windows 10 LTSB will support the currently released processors and chipsets at the time of release of the LTSB. As future CPU generations are released, support will be created through future Windows 10 LTSB releases that customers can deploy for those systems. For more information, see **Supporting the latest processor and chipsets on Windows** in [Lifecycle support policy FAQ - Windows Products](https://support.microsoft.com/help/18581/lifecycle-support-policy-faq-windows-products) and [Windows Processor Requirements.](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/design/minimum/windows-processor-requirements)

Reviewer: Just a minor nitpick: Move the dot to the end of the sentence (not part of the link).
```suggestion
>Windows 10 LTSB will support the currently released processors and chipsets at the time of release of the LTSB. As future CPU generations are released, support will be created through future Windows 10 LTSB releases that customers can deploy for those systems. For more information, see **Supporting the latest processor and chipsets on Windows** in [Lifecycle support policy FAQ - Windows Products](https://support.microsoft.com/help/18581/lifecycle-support-policy-faq-windows-products) and [Windows Processor Requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/design/minimum/windows-processor-requirements).
```

> >Windows 10 LTSB will support the currently released processors and chipsets at the time of release of the LTSB. As future CPU generations are released, support will be created through future Windows 10 LTSB releases that customers can deploy for those systems. For more information, see **Supporting the latest processor and chipsets on Windows** in [Lifecycle support policy FAQ - Windows Products](https://support.microsoft.com/help/18581/lifecycle-support-policy-faq-windows-products) and [Windows Processor Requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/design/minimum/windows-processor-requirements).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Windows 10 LTSB will support the currently released processors and chipsets at the time of release of the LTSB. As future CPU generations are released, support will be created through future Windows 10 LTSB releases that customers can deploy for those systems. For more information about Windows support for the latest processor and chipsets, see  [Windows Processor Requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/design/minimum/windows-processor-requirements).
```
